[light music]
[foreboding music]
[theme music]
[gunshot]
[theme music continues]
-[rain pattering]
-[car engine revs]
-[Mr. Hong sighs]
-Someone was trying to call you.
What? Who was it?
[Vincenzo] "RDU".
RDU-90.
The researcher?
[sighs]
[keypad clacking]
[beeps]
[line ringing]
[loud crash]
-[glass splintering]
-[thuds]
[rain pattering]
[somber music]
[thunder rumbling]
[somber music continues]
[people clamoring]
[onlookers indistinct chatter]
["Ombra mai fù" by Choi Sung-hoon]
["Ombra mai fù" by Choi Sung-hoon
continues]
[music stops]
[somber music]
[Cha-young crying]
[sobbing]
[Cha-young] Dad!
[whimpers]
No…
[sobbing]
[somber music rises]
[somber music continues]
[TV reporter] Hong, a civil rights lawyer,
was killed in an accident
in Geumga-dong, Busan.
After his death, however,
it has come to light that
he violated the Attorneys-at-Law Act
and committed subornation of perjury.
As a lawyer, his most high-profile defense
was of the Babel Pharmaceuticals' victims,
and he had a reputation
for giving a voice to the vulnerable.
In the wake of the accident, though,
his true character has been revealed.
During the most recent
Babel Pharmaceuticals trial,
it was discovered that Hong was involved
in extortion and bribery.
He also convinced Lee,
a deliveryman, to commit perjury.
After violating the Attorneys-at-Law Act,
he is under active investigation.
This news has shocked the victims
and many others
who revered him as a champion for justice.
[dramatic music]
JIPURAGI LAW FIRM
LAWYER HONG YU-CHAN
[dramatic music continues]
[keys jangling]
Mr. Hong, I… I forgot…
I forgot my keys. I…
[whimpers]
LAWYER HONG YU-CHAN
TO LAWYER HONG YU-CHAN
THANK YOU FOR YOUR COUNSEL
[melancholic music]
THANK YOU FOR BEING THE LAST STRAW
I COULD GRAB ONTO 10 YEARS AGO
DECEASED HONG YU-CHAN
WE WILL CHERISH YOUR MEMORIES
[crying]
["Lacrimosa" by La Poem]
["Lacrimosa" by La Poem continues]
I'M SORRY
I LOVE YOU
I COULD PROTECT MY FAMILY
THANKS TO YOU
I WILL NEVER FORGET YOU
YOU'VE TAUGHT ME WHAT HOPE IS
[news reporter] In medical news,
Babel Pharmaceuticals' new drug, RDU-90,
has been approved for public use
and will soon be available.
RDU-90 has been widely touted
as the perfect painkiller
due to its lack of side effects.
While a lawsuit has been filed
regarding the death of a test subject,
it has been confirmed that the death was
not directly related to the drug.
["Lacrimosa" by La Poem]
THANK YOU
I WON'T FORGET ABOUT YOU
I DON'T BELIEVE WHAT THEY'RE SAYING
ABOUT YOU
THE RICE SOUP YOU BOUGHT ME
WAS THE BEST MEAL I HAD
REST IN PEACE
YOU WERE MY ONE AND ONLY FAMILY
AND FRIEND
THANK YOU FOR HELPING ME
YOUR DEATH WILL NOT BE IN VAIN
I COULD GET OUT OF THAT LONG
DARK TUNNEL THANKS TO YOU
EPISODE 4
[sighs]
[wistful music]
JIPURAGI LAW FIRM
[wistful music continues]
[Mr. Hong] Cha-young's first time fishing.
She did well, but once was enough for her.
[sobs]
[Mr. Hong] Her high school graduation.
She didn't want flowers,
but she did enjoy four servings of ribs.
February 20, 2008.
45TH JUDICIAL TRAINEES'
GRADUATION CEREMONY
[Mr. Hong] January 12, 2014.
Graduated from law school.
My dear beloved daughter, Cha-young.
I hope you don't become
an awful lawyer like me.
I love you, Cha-young.
[sniffles]
[cries]
[waves crash]
[man 1] Hey, what is that?
-[man 2] It looks like a person.
-[man 1] No way.
[man 1] Oh, wow.
[suspenseful music]
[Mr. Nam] Pungho.
Maru.
Sijin. Eunseom.
This is my first time watering you.
[sighs]
I'm gonna be your new dad, okay?
I'll take good care of you.
[TV reporter] An apartment in Mapo-gu
has run a leak,
even though the building had been built
less than a year ago…
[drawer clatters]
[indistinct TV chatter]
So, you're really closing
this place down, right?
[TV reporter] The contractor and…
Yes.
[TV reporter] The residents are
all preparing to file a lawsuit
against the constructor
and the owners due to the water leakage,
cracks on the walls, and the frequent
malfunctioning of the elevator.
There has been an increasing number
of complaints regarding apartments,
and people have asked the government
to come up with an effective solution.
In other news,
this morning,
an unidentified male body was found
in the coastal waters of Gijang, Busan.
The police are currently trying
to identify him…
[Mr. Lee] They've decided…
to close the law firm.
And the news has got you really down.
Damn it. I could've helped him.
Ah, and what were you gonna do?
[scoffs]
Oh, I bet you're just
gonna beat them up, right?
Why not? I could have, you know.
[sighs]
What's going to happen to our home?
Who will help us?
Didn't Mr. Cassano say he'd buy us
a building and let us move in?
And you actually believe he will?
I wonder how he's doing right now.
They said he'd wake up in a week.
So far, he's been unconscious
for 9 days and 12 hours.
Mr. An.
Why would you be counting the days
since he's been hospitalized?
Well, I guess that
I really like to count stuff.
One, two, three…
I agree. I don't think he's planning
on moving us somewhere else.
-I think it was all a lie.
-[Mi-ri] Really?
I don't think he would do
that sort of thing. He's honest.
[Toto] You're wrong.
He's not honest.
He makes fun of my cooking
like he could do better.
It must be so traumatic.
He'll probably go back to Italy.
I bet he hates it here.
[sighs]
[Larry] You're right.
He's not gonna have time for us.
That's what you think.
Mr. Cassano installed heating pads
at the temple for the monks.
There were also some boys causing problems
but he taught them some manners.
Oh, wow. He did that?
I believe you think
he's more selfish than he really is.
[Mr. An] That's how I feel.
[heart rate monitor beeping]
[Cha-young] It's been ten days
since Dad died.
The media is making it look like
he was some sort of crook.
I had to close down
Jipuragi Law Firm today.
But it's impossible to move on.
I don't believe that this was an accident.
I'm gonna find out what really happened.
But there's no evidence.
I don't know where to start.
Oh.
I must be crazy.
[sniffles]
I said I wouldn't cry.
[quavers]
Don't be an idiot.
[whimpers]
Just wake up already!
This is getting ridiculous.
I'm paying your hospital bills
and for a private room
just so I can hear your story.
Do you even know
how much this is costing me?
-So we'll go to the bank.
-Just send me a transfer.
[upbeat music]
[groans]
You were completely out a second ago.
Are you okay?
[groans]
[Vincenzo] Let's go.
Hey, wait, stop. Are you feeling fine?
We have to check for any numbness
and memory loss,
signs of a concussion…
-The numbness went away last night.
-You woke up last night?
I remember everything.
And I recognize you, so I'm fine, right?
[Cha-young gasps]
Uh…
[gasps]
So you… Did you hear me crying before?
You didn't sound like an idiot at all…
so don't worry.
Hey.
[Cha-young panting]
He could've let me know that he was awake.
[Vincenzo] What's that?
For my daughter.
Hopefully,
it'll be a wake-up call for her.
RELINQUISHMENT OF PARENTAL RIGHTS
She has the potential
to be an unstoppable lawyer
if she could just understand
what's really important.
[chuckles]
Things are different now.
Old-fashioned lawyers
who do things by the book are no match
for all the corruption that surrounds us.
You need strength,
and you need to be fearless to beat them.
Cha-young, she has what it takes.
[inhales]
Then you should've told her yourself.
She would never listen to me.
Someday, I'll tell her.
[Mr. Hong] And if I don't get the chance,
please do it for me.
[somber music]
[clinks]
Why do you carry that lighter everywhere
if you don't smoke?
The sound calms me down. Helps me focus.
[lighter clinks]
[Vincenzo] So, what's your plan?
[Cha-young] Something's not right.
I'm going to look into the accident,
and the driver, too.
Nah. It's over.
Yes, I know that.
I just need to be sure.
Why?
Is this your way of trying
to make things right with him?
No, that isn't it.
I may still find new evidence.
You were working against him
until two weeks ago.
Suddenly, things have changed?
[chuckles]
You should've joined him sooner.
Oh, I forgot that you hit your head.
That's what's making you so cruel.
I'm saying, don't bother.
Nothing will change.
How can you say a thing like that
to someone who's grieving?
I've always wanted to say it.
See you around.
[reporter on radio] Due to recent reports
of wild boar sightings, local residents…
How could he say that?
He basically called me
a horrible daughter.
[reporter on radio] Wildlife management
is said to be on the case.
In other news, the unidentified body
found in Gijang this morning
was confirmed to be a researcher
from a pharmaceutical company.
Police have notified his family
and asked that everyone respect
their privacy during this difficult time.
[tires screech]
[reporter] Yu, a researcher,
sent his will to his company
through a scheduled e-mail.
The police believe it was suicide.
The company had been questioning him
about his involvement in the theft
of pharmaceutical ingredients.
The police believe the stress
of the investigation led to his death.
The victim's will is being handed over
to his family,
and the police investigation is ongoing.
-I'm Choi Yu-bin from YSN News.
-[exhales]
[sighs]
Hello, Detective Gu.
I need you to look into something,
it's urgent.
[Mr. Lee] Mr. Nam.
I can be a bodyguard and do chores,
in the office or whatever.
Just please, sir,
please don't shut it down.
We can't keep this place running.
It's just impossible.
If this is about money,
then maybe I… I can help.
Sell things to the pawnshop.
I'll give you a good price.
Stop. What are you saying?
We have no money.
[Mr. Lee] Well, there has to be…
Mr. Cassano!
-[Mr. Tak] What?
-[Mr. Nam] Sir!
You're okay!
[relieved sigh]
[clears throat]
I was so worried.
I appreciate that.
You look better than I thought you would.
-Well, then.
-Wait.
Can we talk about what you said
about moving us to another building?
Let's talk a little later.
I need some rest now.
-I…
-[Mr. Nam] Let's let him rest.
-I thought you…
-Wait! By "we'll talk later,"
do you mean you're having second thoughts?
[sighs]
I mean that
we should talk about this later.
So then, you changed your mind?
Aren't Italians known
for being, well, gentlemen,
and keeping their promises?
Isn't that true?
You can't do that.
We all put our trust in you, Mr. Cassano.
[Yeon-jin] We have nothing.
You can't get our hopes up like that!
-[Larry] Right.
-[Mr. Tak] She's right.
-You shouldn't have done that.
-You shouldn't have offered
in the first place.
-Why don't we all just…
-Calm down.
-[Hui-su] We need to know.
-Think about it.
[overlapping chatter]
-Listen!
-[tenants gasp]
Why are you all so ungrateful?
I agreed to help you for free.
And what do I get?
You complaining and calling me a liar?
Oh? So, it's because we didn't pay you?
I'm saying,
you should at least
try to have a little faith in me!
We've all been let down so many times.
Faith doesn't come easy.
A guy like you has no idea
what we're going through.
Keep this up, and I might just walk away.
So you're going back on your word now.
Look, that's… He didn't mean it like that.
Damn it! I don't get it!
If you can't give us a clear answer,
we have no reason to trust you!
Well…
then maybe, you should find a new lawyer.
-[Mr. Tak] But you can't just leave.
-So, that's it?
[Mr. Park clapping]
What a wonderful sight!
Bravo!
[laughs]
[Mr. Park] And here I was thinking
you'd all be making
Molotov cocktails together.
But you've fallen apart.
[laughs]
I just love it!
Let's see.
That pathetic lawyer is dead now.
And the Italian one has been fired.
Yeah. How about we talk compensation?
I'll be generous.
Generous, my ass.
He thinks he can just buy us out.
[Su-nam] I can hear you.
You must be hot in that beanie.
No wonder you're so red.
You look like a lobster.
At least my face doesn't
make you wanna throw up.
What? What did you say to me? You shit--
Cut the crap and go.
Hey, back off. This doesn't involve you.
You really need to learn your place.
[Larry] So, how do we negotiate with you?
[Mr. Nam] Are you serious?
We should at least talk about it.
Come on down to my office,
and we'll figure this whole thing out.
[Mr. Park laughs]
[scoffs]
Hey, Mr. Bigshot.
So, what did you do to Mr. Na
to make him so scared?
Wanna find out?
You son of a--
You think you can scare us with that shit?
Shut up. The adults are trying to talk.
He's just so smarty. I couldn't help it.
I'm sorry, sir.
Listen carefully.
The day that we take this place down
and start pouring the cement,
you're gonna be under it.
I guess then you'll be there with me,
because I'll bury you first.
[chuckles]
-[light slap]
-[laughs]
-[tenants gasp]
-[Mr. Park] Why you…
-Did you see that? He slapped him.
-Oh.
[indistinct chatter]
-[Mr. Park] That guy is absolutely insane.
-Watch your back.
He's not afraid of anything.
[laughs]
But now, it's all over for you guys.
You should know
I'm not usually this generous.
We're leaving. We're leaving.
We're leaving.
All right. Come here, Larry.
Larry! Larry!
Don't worry.
You just have to sign and it's done.
Let's go now.
-Maybe tomorrow instead.
-No, no, no, Larry. Now is great for me.
[Detective Gu] You were right, Cha-young.
The dead man was the Babel researcher,
Yu Min-chul.
[Joon-woo] Cha-young?
Cha-young!
REP. ATTORNEY HAN SEUNG-HYUK
Oh, Cha-young.
I thought you were back tomorrow?
LETTER OF RESIGNATION
What's this?
Yu Min-chul and my father,
they're both dead.
Is that a coincidence?
-What do you mean?
-I need to know.
Was Wusang in on it from the beginning?
Behind my back.
I know that this time has been
really hard on you.
But these allegations are very dangerous.
-Come back tomorrow morning--
-Please just sign it.
Cha-young, come on now. Don't do this.
Just let her do it. Let her resign.
There's no use keeping a dog
that bites the hand that feeds.
[slams]
Usually, when a dog bites,
you can blame it on their owner.
Just admit it.
You planned to turn on us, and you failed.
[laughs]
And here I thought that
you were good at reading other people.
You know, we were family
so I went easy on you.
But that's over.
Oh, yeah. Thank you, that's very kind.
Cha-young, wait a second.
You can't just walk out of here.
You have to return everything.
We need your car keys,
and what about your apartment?
[thuds]
Here you go, sir.
I'll return my house key after I move out.
Cha-young, hold on.
Know your place.
[sighs]
Snapping your neck like a twig
would be so damn easy.
[tense music]
Thank you for making my decision so easy.
[ominous music]
ATTORNEY HONG CHA-YOUNG
This isn't right.
Look, hold on, would you?
What's going on?
Someone's dressed casual today.
What? Who cares?
Cha-young!
You can't go.
[chuckles]
Tell them…
you're in so much pain,
you spoke without thinking.
Uh… Oh! And beg.
Good begging has to work, hmm?
It won't. Not for people
who've stepped too far out of line.
Oh! Still, don't go. Hold on.
-I can… I can still help you.
-Hey!
-[grunts]
-Give me a chance.
I… I could be your spy
just like James Bond.
Joon-woo.
[sighs]
Cha-young.
Damn, you're annoying.
Move! I'm not done packing.
Whoa!
Cha-young, if you leave like this,
I'll never see you again. Never ever.
[exhales]
I'm waiting.
[inhales]
ATTORNEY HONG CHA-YOUNG
Hey!
You and I are done! Done!
[engine rumbling]
[clanking]
[wistful music]
[sighs deeply]
[reporter on radio]
Public reception to RDU-90,
Babel Pharmaceuticals' new painkiller
has been very positive.
Thanks to its potency
and lack of side effects,
it has exceeded its already
high expectations
since undergoing clinical trials.
After learning about its upcoming release,
many countries have shown interest
including Mongolia and Vietnam.
Babel Pharmaceuticals has reaffirmed
its desire to do everything in its power
-to improve public health.
-[scoffs]
During clinical trials,
the company was involved in a lawsuit
over the death of a test subject.
However, after the illegal activities
of the opposition's attorney were exposed,
the manufacturing of RDU-90
has since resumed.
Thankfully, this incident
has not derailed the production
of this revolutionary new drug.
[glass shatters]
[breathing heavily]
NAMDO AUNTIE'S RESTAURANT
DO NOT CROSS
[breathing heavily]
[suspenseful music]
[rain pours]
[thunder rumbles]
[truck approaching]
[crashes]
[light creaking]
[thunderclap]
[ominous music]
[sighs]
[in Italian]
How dare you?
How…
[thunder rumbles]
[suspenseful music]
[pensive music]
[phone beeps]
I hate to ask but…
I think I need a favor.
[sighs]
It's not like I don't know you.
If it wasn't for you, I'd have
been compost in a vineyard in Milan.
So, what do you need?
[ominous music]
[screams]
Damn it!
[shuddering]
[breathing heavily]
Who the hell could've done that?
It was obviously
the work of someone very skilled.
I agree, huh.
I mean, it's the Chairman's house
we're talking about here.
It's not like it's easy to just break in
with all the security he has.
I can't think of anyone we know
who would have been capable of this.
-[keyboard clacks]
-Why are you here?
-Hmm?
-Huh?
REP. ATTORNEY HAN SEUNG-HYUK
Oh, uh, just doing some reformatting.
My computer got a virus.
Why don't you call IT?
He may not be good at his job,
but he's great with tech stuff.
[chuckles]
Hurry up and get out of here!
Okay, boss.
[clears throat]
[sighs]
This is…
If we wanna keep Babel happy,
we need to give the Chairman something.
How about we give them her?
[Mr. Han] Who?
She has motive.
[stammers]
Her?
You aren't really… Come on.
[gasps]
You are evil.
We believe Ms. Hong Cha-young
to be the most likely suspect.
II knew it!
I knew that lawyer was involved somehow!
She's blaming Babel
for her father's death!
Okay. Have her arrested.
That's it.
Keep smiling.
Soon, you'll be crying
many tears of blood, Mr. Chairman.
[chuckles]
NOTHING'S IMPOSSIBLE FOR BABEL
[moaning]
-[clanks]
-[sighs]
Dad.
I'll never be as good a person as you.
But I can still be one hell of a lawyer.
[exhales]
[hissing, groans]
Nice to meet you.
Hello, nice to meet you.
Hello.
Sir, nice to meet you.
Here you go.
-You're so pretty.
-[chuckles]
Nice to meet you.
You're also very pretty.
[sighs]
[clears throat, inhales]
Jipuragi is back!
[clapping]
Feel free to ask for anything you need.
So, does this mean that
we'll be getting back to normal?
Yes. I'll be continuing my dad's lawsuit,
and I'll fight for all the tenants.
But what about Mr. Cassano?
Forget about him.
He can do whatever he wants.
We have her now.
[giggles]
Nice to meet you.
Congratulations. Congratulations!
[giggles]
-[applause]
-[Toto] Uh, perfect.
Well, I'm here for you.
Say, weren't you working
against your dad earlier?
[clears throat]
That's all water under the bridge.
I've been inspired by him.
And I will fight till my last breath
against corruption and injustice.
I promise to do everything I can
to help each and every--
Ms. Hong Cha-young?
Hello. How may I help the two of you?
We're placing you under arrest
for blackmail and trespassing.
[sighs]
Let's make this easy.
-What?
-[detective 1] Hey, just take it easy.
-[yells]
-[detective 2] Ms. Hong.
What are you doing?
Hey, let's not make a scene here.
-[yells]
-Stop!
-Come on! Hey, hey!
-[yells]
I've been at home ever since seven o'clock
yesterday evening.
[detective 1] That's what you're saying,
but we can't confirm that
you stayed in all night.
Then why don't you check
my phone's location
during the time of the incident?
Then you'll be able to confirm that
I'm telling the truth.
You could've left your phone at home
and gone out.
[laughs]
Are you saying that I singlehandedly
got passed the Chairman's security,
and stabbed 50 syringes into his pillow?
Do you think I'm Black Widow?
-[Vincenzo] Arrested?
-Yeah.
They walked in and just took her away.
[sighs]
Did she break into someone's house
and threaten them?
She did.
How did you know that?
Just a guess. I can't get her out, though.
Mr. Cassano, if there's anything
you could do to help us out…
She's competent enough.
She'll be out before tonight.
Don't worry about it.
Wait. Wait a second.
She's the best chance we have
against Babel.
Please.
[grunting]
-[Mr. Nam grunts]
-Let go now.
I'm watching an opera.
What? An opera?
[slams]
[thumps]
[man singing opera]
[singing continues]
[Vincenzo]
I don't need to worry about her.
She can figure it out.
AM I EVIL?
[sighs]
[in Italian]
"If I am indeed evil,
it's because…
of you."
[opera singing on TV]
[scoffs]
-[dramatic music]
-[lighter clinking]
[clanks]
[bird cooing]
-[lighter clinks]
-[sighs]
[Mr. Nam] I called the police station,
it's not looking good.
Why can't she just get out of there?
[sighs]
-[birds cooing]
-[sighs]
[groans]
Shut up!
[grunting]
Could you be quiet? Please?
[detective sighs]
She's got a clean record,
and her alibi checks out.
Her neighbor even confirms
seeing her through the window.
[sighs]
This is crazy.
Wusang has paid us already.
First, let's order her some breakfast.
Right.
[sighs]
-[Joon-woo] Cha-young.
-Huh? Oh.
[Joon-woo sighs]
You should've called sooner.
Wasn't I your only hope?
[yawns]
No, I called 56 other people.
-Huh?
-[sniffs, groans]
[chair clatters]
[detective 2] Who are you?
[clears throat]
I'm from Wusang Law.
Jang Joon-woo, attorney.
Well, what can we do for you, Mr. Jang?
This wasn't exactly by the book.
-I'll sue.
-You're embarrassing me.
Show me the evidence. Do you have proof?
You don't, huh?
-That's enough. Stay cool.
-[Joon-woo] So why is she still here?
Go, get me your commanding officer.
Go get him. Right now!
You can't just storm in here
and throw a tantrum!
-[scoffs]
-"Tantrum"?
[whispers]
Is he talking about me?
Yes, he is.
He basically just called you a big baby.
-How dare you?
-[Vincenzo] Here is your proof.
CCTV footage taken from
a convenience store in front of her house.
It shows that she came home
from work at 6:27 p.m.
and stayed home until 8:12 a.m.
the next morning.
So, who are you?
I'm a lawyer, her legal representative.
Interesting plot twist.
Now, show me irrefutable proof
that she had an accomplice.
[inaudible]
If you can't,
you need to release her right now.
I could have done that. Right, Cha-young?
Hmm.
Got any proof?
None at all?
[tense music]
[slams]
Ha! I knew it.
And now, I'm really hungry.
Give me something to eat.
[deliveryman]
Hey, who ordered from BurgerJura?
Here!
Sure, let's eat.
Here you go.
You should've ordered me some soup.
[groans]
Is there only one ketchup?
Enjoy your meal.
Thanks.
[detective 1] Hey. That was for me.
[detective 2] But where is mine?
[detective 1] You know what? It's fine.
Go ahead.
[detective 1] Order some more burgers.
[Joon-woo]
Can I have some of your ketchup?
No.
[Cha-young scoffs]
[Cha-young groans]
I just can't eat fries
without loads of ketchup.
-It's so greasy.
-Ugh! The convenience store.
Why didn't I think of that?
Stupid, you know?
It's like 24 hours,
so they always have their--
POLICE
Yes, we're done here.
Okay. I'm heading out there right now.
[comical music]
It's fine. Yes.
I'll see you later. Okay.
[Cha-young] Tell me the truth.
You did it, didn't you?
Someone told you I'd been arrested,
and you felt awful.
You felt guilty.
What do you mean?
[Cha-young scoffs]
Vincenzo Cassano?
Interesting. Most people I meet here
don't know how to say my name.
[chuckles]
I was her assistant at Wusang.
Jang Joon-woo.
How did you know me?
Ah! Because I did a background check
on you for Cha-young.
[Joon-woo grunts]
[Joon-woo groans]
But you were squeaky clean.
[groans]
I should be going.
-Shut up.
-Huh?
Wait for me!
But I just got here.
[sighs]
You can't just go.
Ow.
I gotta go to work.
[barista] Hi there.
I'll have a double espresso for here.
[deep inhale]
I'll have an iced Americano.
In Italy,
an Americano is known as dirty water.
[Cha-young scoffs]
One iced dirty water.
I can see right through your act,
you know?
Come clean.
Your poker face is amazing.
But don't you think
I deserve an explanation
after everything you've put me through?
[groans]
I figured you could take care of yourself.
[coughs]
Sorry.
-For getting you involved.
-Sorry?
It's like you're apologizing
for canceling my song at a karaoke bar.
I don't know, I get pretty upset
when someone does that to me.
Well, why the hell did you do it anyway?
For revenge.
-Huh?
-That's how I operate.
An eye for an eye.
So, wait. You're Hammurabi now?
You don't seriously believe that.
Because of your "an eye for an eye"
I was arrested.
I'll be more careful next time.
Next time?
Close down your law firm.
[scoffs]
Do you honestly think that
I would ever take orders from you?
Don't go making enemies with Wusang
or the Babel Group.
If you think I would let this go,
you don't know anything.
Do you know who tried to call your father
before he died?
The caller ID said RDU.
It was Mr. Yu Min-chul.
That's when I knew that
he and your father were connected.
Why didn't you tell me?
With that kind of knowledge earlier,
I could've taken down Babel.
No, you couldn't have.
Sure, you could prove that
Mr. Yu and your father were connected.
What you can't do is prove conclusively…
that they were both murdered.
It won't be easy,
and maybe it will take time,
but I can get the evidence.
You of all people should know…
that Wusang and Babel are invincible.
If you let this war go,
you can be free.
[sighs]
[distant dog barking]
[huffs]
[Cha-young] All right.
If I can't do this alone,
I'm sure someone will help me.
I've helped a lot of people.
[clears throat]
-[phone beeps]
-[line rings]
[woman 1]
Uh, I think you had the wrong number.
[scoffs]
[comical music]
[line rings]
[woman 2] Put your faith in God.
He will show you the way.
[line rings]
[operator] The number you have dialed
is unavailable, please leave a voicemail.
Your call will be charged after the beep.
-[beeps]
-[breathing heavily]
[line ringing]
[woman 3] Cha-young, a rumor's going
around that you pissed off Ms. Choi.
No one wants to be seen helping you.
-And I have my own career to worry about.
-[line disconnects]
What's that?
Damn it!
[suspenseful music]
What do you want?
JIPURAGI LAW FIRM
They're all similar cases that I've won.
Real estate redemption lawsuit
for small businesses
that were forced out by large companies.
Wusang had no idea that
I was doing any of this.
Got paid pretty well, too.
I'll help you get Geumga Plaza back.
I don't care why you want it,
but I just know that
you need it desperately.
You need it at all costs.
Because you're the real owner, aren't you?
Why are you offering me this?
Whatever it is you're planning, I want in.
Why would I do that?
Because I have a lot of anger.
I want to avenge my father's death.
Cha-young,
you're a lawyer, you know
I can't get you involved in this.
Right now, I am not speaking to you
as a fellow attorney,
but as Hong Yu-chan's daughter
who will not fail him again.
[sighs]
Promise me you'll quit
if you get in my way.
Okay! Sounds good.
[Cha-young giggles]
Here, take one.
-Why?
-We'll clink these instead of glasses.
No, thanks.
Come on. Do you want Geumga Plaza back
or don't you?
[clears throat]
-[glass clinks]
-[deep inhale]
Ting, ting, ting.
Are you ready to turn some tables?
[action music]
[gate clanking]
[Chung-il] It's too bad.
If my breaks hadn't stopped working,
he wouldn't have died,
and you wouldn't have gotten hurt.
They should do a better job
with those safety tests.
I can't believe
you're going to stick to that story
even after they threw you in here.
[laughs]
Well, I'm here to repay my debt
to society, aren't I?
I thought you were here
because they caught you
making videos of children.
-Or am I wrong?
-[Chung-il] Why would you…
I don't know what you mean.
So, they promised to reduce
your sentence if you killed him.
Made it look like an accident?
[Chung-il] What?
[scoffs]
That's crazy and you know it.
But…
Wusang could get you a sentence
of two years or less.
You can thank Korea's sentencing system.
It's completely ridiculous.
[deep inhale]
I have no idea what you're saying. Huh?
I have to stand trial, huh?
I'm gonna face judgement.
[bangs]
You need to listen to me.
Tell me the truth from this moment on,
because if you don't, the wrong person
will cross your path tonight.
And they're going to kill you.
[ominous music]
[sucks teeth]
What?
You think I'm scared of you, lawyer man?
[Vincenzo] Who ordered you
to kill him with your truck?
-[thuds]
-[deep inhale]
This is your last chance.
Who ordered you?
Spill it, you coward.
Let's go.
[Chung-il] Wait.
[Chung-il sighs]
Mr. Pyo.
[Chung-il] I, I don't know more than that.
[tense music]
Mr. Pyo?
Anyone else?
There was someone
who looked like his boss,
but I only have his number.
And what is his job?
I have no idea.
He came to the police station
where I was being held and promised me
that Wusang would reduce my sentence
if I did it.
-I am going to end you.
-[Chung-il] Sorry.
[breathes heavily]
I'm so sorry.
What's his number?
Huh?
[ominous music]
We got it, so let's go.
He killed my father.
But there isn't anything
I can do about it.
I'm not gonna just walk away from this.
[slams]
[bangs]
[Vincenzo] Mr. Lee!
Thank you so much for your cooperation.
You won't regret working with us.
I promise they will help you.
What the hell is this?
[gate rattling]
We'll re-open the investigation
because of your testimony.
We can find out the truth.
What are you doing?
It's not true. He's lying.
-Mr. Lee!
-Huh?
Your sense of justice will save you.
You're gonna be a hero.
-[Chung-il] What?
-[Vincenzo] Let's go.
[Chung-il whimpers]
-[Chung-il] Come back.
-Thank you.
[Chung-il] Wait!
Hey! Hey!
[Chung-il] Damn it! No.
[gate clanks]
[Cha-young] So, this is just a normal day
for an Italian lawyer?
[Vincenzo] Well, the Mafia are much worse
than the criminals I've met here.
[Cha-young] I think that went pretty well.
And we made a great team, too.
You didn't do anything, though.
[gasps]
Excuse me?
I brought the emotion in there,
and I kept the tension up.
I did the talking.
And that's important too,
but you can't underestimate the mood.
You should really know that.
Anyway, it was a nice touch
with the whole noir thing.
You haven't seen anything yet.
Don't tell me…
You're not gonna shoot anyone, are you?
It's illegal to own guns in Korea.
Don't worry.
Good. This isn't a movie.
Now, let's go find Mr. Pyo.
What does that mean
"an unexpected development"?
[Hyeok-pil] It means trouble.
I think
the truck driver is gonna flip on us.
[Ms. Choi] What happened?
Hong Cha-young
and that Italian lawyer came in.
[Hyeok-pil] They're working together.
[sighs]
Damn it.
[groans]
[alarm blares]
Huh…
Sorry.
Not good enough.
You've dislocated my shoulder.
[Vincenzo] The wrong person
will cross your path tonight.
And they're going to kill you.
You're ignoring me
when I'm talking to you?
[thwacks]
[Chung-il grunting]
[Chung-il grunts, groans]
[alarm blares]
-[prisoner 1] Go, go!
-[prisoner 2] Get out!
[groaning]
Okay. I understand.
Thank you for calling.
[sighs]
He's dead.
Lee Chung-il was in a fight.
Someone stabbed him.
[sighs]
How are you?
I feel… I feel like shit.
I didn't think it would be like this.
You can back out if you want.
Oh, no.
I wanna see this through.
We have to make a promise.
We'll do whatever it takes,
but we will not get anyone killed.
[suspenseful music]
Mr. Pyo. Pyo Hyeok-pil.
I found him. See you.
I'm coming with you.
Stay here. He might be dangerous.
But you can't go alone.
Maybe I can help you.
[Mr. Nam] Sir.
[both gasp]
I'm coming, too.
[sighs]
I've finally learned all about your plan.
What were you doing?
I drank all day and passed out.
You two loud mouths just woke me up.
You heard everything?
Yeah, but I didn't do it on purpose.
I want nothing more
than to get revenge for Mr. Hong's death.
I'll do anything.
-[thuds]
-[grunts]
You see, I have some hidden skills.
Just let me know if you need them.
Skills?
[indistinct chatter]
[quirky music]
[slams]
[indistinct chatter]
[ominous music]
Next time you gamble,
make sure you can pay your debts.
Huh? You're talking to me?
You abetted murder and it's time to pay.
-[Hyeok-pil] Who the hell are you?
-[crackles]
I'm the one who's come to collect.
[tense music]
[grunts]
[Hyeok-pil shrieks]
[gasps]
[pants]
Ah, what?
The floor is filthy.
I'm gonna get all dirty when I move him.
[Cha-young groans]
You two handle this.
Okay, you hold his arms,
I'll take his legs.
[water trickling]
I don't think
I should be doing heavy lifting.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
You're still recovering.
[sighs deeply]
PUNGMI RESTAURANT
[phone buzzing]
-Yeah?
-[Hyeok-pil] Sir.
I need you to meet me right now.
Why?
[Hyeok-pil]
The prison guard who tipped us off
is demanding more money.
I tried talking to him,
but he isn't having it.
[spits]
Ah, shit. Where are you?
[tires screech]
Hey. So, where is he?
We're in deep shit, I'm afraid.
What do you mean?
-[taser crackles]
-[grunts]
[gasping, panting]
He isn't dead, is he?
He's still breathing.
[Cha-young sighs]
Ugh! He kinda stinks, doesn't he?
-[taser crackles]
-[both gasp]
-[sighs]
-Come on!
[Cha-young groans]
[muffled groan]
-[gun clinks]
-[gasps]
This is a Russian pistol.
Tokarev TT-33.
Not even the military
uses this model anymore.
So then how did you, a civilian,
get a hold of this gun?
-[gun cocks]
-[gasps]
Of course, you both work
for military intelligence.
I'm sure neither of you
would have problems
getting your hands on a gun.
So, tell me. Who ordered you
to kill Mr. Yu and Mr. Hong?
[suspenseful music]
Hmm.
I hate wasting time as much as I hate…
overcooked pasta.
[Cha-young]
If you don't tell us everything,
you're going to end up
just like Lee Chung-il.
[Vincenzo] If you are willing to talk,
just nod your head,
and I'll spare your life.
And if you don't talk,
I'll crack your skull, bastard!
-[gunshot]
-[gasps]
[nervous breathing]
[tense music]
[cocks]
This is your last chance.
Who hired you?
[mumbling]
Tell us now. Come on!
[tense music continues]
[ominous music]
[Cha-young] Hey.
Be careful.
What are you doing?
You have to talk! He's going to kill you!
This isn't a joke!
[gunshot]
[ominous music rises]
[Vincenzo] Did you think I wouldn't shoot?
Guns only have one purpose.
Why did you do that?
We said we weren't gonna kill anyone.
What if…
What if he tells someone?
Yeah, you're right.
-[gun cocks]
-We kill him, too.
[muffled whimpering]
[suspenseful music]
[gunshot]
[upbeat music plays over earphone]
[swooshing]
24 HOURS SELF SERVICE LAUNDRY
[foreboding music]
[gasping, pants]
[sighs]
RESTRICTED NUMBER
[suspenseful music]
[shuddered breath]
[breathing heavily]
[whimpers]
What the hell?
[electricity crackles]
[gasps]
[door rattles]
[groans]
-[Ms. Choi] Oh, no.
-[thumps]
[phone buzzes]
RESTRICTED NUMBER
[buzzing continues]
Yes?
There's only one way humans are born,
but there are countless ways to die.
[Ms. Choi] Who are you?
Do you know who I am?
[Vincenzo] Ms. Choi,
I wonder which way would suit you best.
Who the hell are you?
Someone to be afraid of.
-[truck engine starts]
-[gasps]
[truck engine revs]
[gasps]
[Ms. Choi shudders]
[Vincenzo] Familiar, isn't it?
[Ms. Choi] Why are you doing this?
You can at least tell me why.
The men those bloody clothes belong to,
they told me that you ordered the hit
on Mr. Hong and, uh, Mr. Yu.
That's completely insane.
Who would believe them?
I don't care who else believes them.
Because I do.
This has nothing to do with me.
[truck engine revs]
[ominous music]
[Vincenzo] I'm a patient man,
but I'm afraid that driver isn't.
[rumbling]
[gasps]
[tires screeching]
[whimpers]
Negotiations are so complicated.
What do you want from me?
Some reputations were ruined
because of you.
Mr. Hong's and those
of the late test subjects.
You have until tomorrow to restore them.
To do that,
you will come clean about what you did.
[whimpers]
Just kill me instead.
Their memory matters much more to me
than your worthless life ever could.
Do you think I'll listen to you?
[breathes heavily]
That's up to you.
But remember,
this freedom comes with a price.
[phone beeps]
[gasps]
[truck rumbling]
[rumbling]
[shrieks]
[tires screech]
[breathing heavily]
[tense music]
Son of a bitch.
Run and hide.
When I find you, you're dead.
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music continues]
[clinks]
[lighter clinks]
[grandiose music]
BABEL PHARMACEUTICALS
SUPPLY WAREHOUSE
The RDU-90 raw materials
need to be stored at 7°C.
I know, I've read the manual.
Oh, what's this?
We're here to disinfect the lab.
Wow, it's already that time?
-Clear the room. Let's go.
-[researcher 1] Okay.
Vacate the premises for disinfection.
[researcher 2] Sure thing.
[tense music]
AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY
RAW MATERIAL STORAGE
TRIANAMI ACID
[hissing]
[tense music continues]
TW ENVIRONMENT SERVICE
[clinks]
[clinking]
Warm in there.
-[lighter clicks]
-[sighs]
[clinking]
[fire swooshes]
[ominous music]
[fire crackles]
[blazes]
[ominous music rises]
[explosion]
[suspenseful music]
-[man 1] There's a fire!
-[man 2] Call 911!
Come on! Hurry! Hurry!
[clamoring]
[panicked shouts]
[worker] Seriously? Come on!
[indistinct shouts]
[suspenseful music continues]
[groans]
[grunts, groans]
Could one of you give me a hand?
[sucks teeth, sighs]
[Mr. Nam grunts]
Ready?
[both groaning]
[comical music]
You almost missed your cue.
You should've pulled on him faster.
Look, piano strings are slippery, okay?
We're lucky
Mr. Nam had so many hidden skills.
Who knew he used to be
a special effects makeup artist?
[groans]
[deep inhale]
I'll spare your life,
but from now on, you do as I say.
Okay.
Now, tell us, what do you know
about Babel Pharmaceuticals' warehouse?
[dramatic music]
[sighs]
[Mr. Hong] Don't lose hope.
I have a knack for turning the tables.
Please trust me. I can win this.
[somber music]
[sighs]
Sir! We're in trouble!
There's a huge fire
over at our warehouse! It's bad.
-[worker 1] Move back!
-[worker 2] Fire!
-[worker 3] Help me! Up here!
-[indistinct shouting]
Huh?
[gasping]
You should get out of here, sir.
The fumes may be toxic.
[stutters]
Did you call 911?
-They're on their way.
-And…
Why is it spreading?
What about the sprinklers? Huh?
[breathing heavily]
AN HOUR AGO
[explosion]
[loud explosion]
[groans]
[panting]
[car approaching]
[ominous music]
Sir.
Those sons of bitches!
I'm sure it's the same ones
who broke into my house!
Damn it!
I am going to find them.
And when I do, I'm going to make them beg!
Shut up.
[explosion]
[ominous music]
["Nessun Dorma" playing]
Wow!
[gasps]
Amazing!
[laughs]
-[thumps]
-[chuckles]
[car horn honks]
Oh, yeah!
["Nessun Dorma" continues playing]
[laughs]
[woman sobbing]
[Mr. Hong] How could they develop
something like this?
I wanna burn them down.
I don't care if I go to prison.
I just wanna burn it all down.
["Nessun Dorma" continues playing]
[explosions]
[blasts]
[in Italian]
"Set, stars.
At dawn, I will win.
I will win.
I will win."
["Nessun Dorma" crescendos]
[cheers, applause]
[theme music]
[Vincenzo] Mr. Jang might not be
at the head of this.
Then who is?
[Ms. Choi]
This must be the famous Vincenzo.
We need to change our approach.
[Vincenzo] We can use the courts
and the law, two things we know best.
[imitates gunshot]
Give me everything we have on Babel.
[Vincenzo] You need to listen to me.
I am going to make you a real monster.
Cha-young, I can't keep going easy on you.
[Vincenzo] You can't do that.
You're going too far.
[Cha-young] We have to keep fighting
no matter what.